# Jacks of All Trades

## Website Link
[Jacks Of All Trades] (https://main.d3hi9mzn0coe5y.amplifyapp.com/)

## About Jacks of All Trades 

Learning new skills can be a difficult task without the proper resources. Many services out there are overly complicated, time consuming, and may charge hidden fees. Our website, Jack of all Trades, allows users to effectively learn new simple skills with provided instructions and an engaging interface.

This site includes features such as the following:

* 22 unique possible skills to learn.
* The ability to check of completed skills
* A user-account sign-in for tracking and storing completion of skills

Your goal is to try to learn a new skill every day and potentially find a new passion alongside that!

Some example skills include...

* Mastering card tricks
* Tying a tie for a formal occasion
* Learning American Sign Language (ASL)
* Deciphering Morse Code
* Playing Chess

and many more!

## Development

In developing this website, we used the following technologies and resources:

* AWS Amplify, for hosting our website
* GraphQL, for backend database management
* Figma, for designing the appearance of the website pages
* React, for coding and designing our website
* YouTube, for embedding instructional videos
* Github, for code sharing
* Jira, for time and task management between members

## Meet the Team:

* Ian Gourgues: Login and Home page
* Zack Kramer: 30 Activities display list
* Lilly Moreau: AWS Setup/Architecture Diagram/Integration
* Alec Hodges: Account Database and Integration
* Michael Carroll: List of activities in a database with resources
* Brennan Butler: More activities in list from database/AWS UI components

## Information about the code
Most of our graphics were intially created on figma which got converted to .jsx files in the ui-components. After converting those graphics, we went back through and manually modified them so they displayed information, properly linked, and flexed with the page dimensions changed.

### Specific Files 
* Everything inside the src/pages
* src/App.js
* src/index.js
* src/models and src/graphql (generated from graphql in aws and contains data requests and requirements)
* Components inside src/ui-components (combination of generated and modified code)
  * About-Us.css
  * darkMode.css (added to use dark mode)
  * HomeFinal.jsx (Ignore past line 200. It is a vector generated image)
  * Settingpage.jsx 
  * SkillLinkFinal.jsx
  * SkillList.jsx
  * SkillProfile.jsx
  * TopBarFinal.jsx (there is a logo generated by shapes instead of an image)
  * index.js
  * NOT studioTheme.js
* Our data models were created in aws and converted to js and ts files when pulled, but we still had to define and use them. (similar to the graphql folder)
* Public folder is our images
* node_modules is generated files needed for node.js and or react
* amplify is needed for aws configuration
* We also have codes from aws lambdas that are located outside of our src folder that are used for the data
* In the AWS Lambdas folder 3 of the specific lambdas are written
  * CogntioUsersToDynamoDB: 
    * index.js
  * CogntioUsersToGroup-dev: 
    * index.js
    * package.json
    * package-lock.json
  * ProcessDynamoDBUpdates:
    * index.js

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

### `npm run eject`

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.
